.TH "cleo-blockcpu" "1" "5.x" "Sergey Zhumatiy" "Cleo Commands"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
cleo\-blockcpu \- blocks or unblocks specified cpus in all queues.
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBcleo\-blockcpu\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fP] \fB<cpus>\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBcleo\-blockcpu\fR blocks or unblocks specified cpus in all queues.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-h\fR
Print help information and exit.

.TP 
\fB\-b\fR
Block specified cpus. This is the default. This option is mutually exclusive to \fI\-u\fR.

.TP 
\fB\-u\fR
Unblock specified cpus. This option is mutually exclusive to \fI\-b\fR.

.TP 
\fB\-s\fR
Block cpu in safe mode. If cpu is running any task, it won't be blocked. Cpu will be immediately blocked when task will finished.

.TP 
\fB\-R <reason>\fR
Describe blocking theese cpus with <reason>.

.TP 
\fBcpus\fR
Cpus list of cpu names or node names via space.

.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.LP 
.TP 
\fBCLEO_PORT\fP
Specifies the port to connect to Cleo server
.SH "ERROR CODES"
.LP 
Returned error codes:
.TP 
0 \- OK
.TP 
1 \- Invalid arguments (or help requested)
.TP 
2 \- No action is specified
.TP 
3 \- Server communication error
.TP 
4 \- Bad arguments
.TP 
5 \- Command fails
.TP 
10 \- Not possible to start client application
.TP 
20 \- Internal error detected
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
Block first processor on node cl_node5:
.IP 
\fBcleo\-blockcpu cl_node5:1\fR

.LP 
Unblock all processors on nodes from cl_node5 to cl_node9 (using bash expansion)
.IP 
\fBcleo\-blockcpu \-u cl_node{5,6,7,8,9}\fR
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Sergey Zhumatiy <serg@parallel.ru>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cleo\-client(1), tasks(1), cleo\-priority(1), mpirun(1), cleo\-autoblock(1), cleo\-blocktask(1), cleo\-mode(1), cleo\-stat(1), bash(1), cleo\-freeze(1)
