.TH "cleo-terminal" "1" "5.x" "Sergey Zhumatiy" "Cleo Commands"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
cleo\-trminal \- get terminal access to running task
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fB cleo\-terminal [\fI\-q queue\fR][\fI\-p port\fR] <ID>
 cleo\-terminal \fI\-i\fR INFILE \fI\-o\fR OUTFILE\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBcleo\-terminal\fR get terminal access to running task.
.LP 

Your terminal will be connected to running task terminal. You'll be able to enter interactive commands to your task, if it is needed. To exit from terminal type <ESC>\-d. The task won't be killed by this exit.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB<ID>\fR
Connect to task with id=<ID>.
\fB\-q <queue>\fR
Use queue named \fIqueue\fR.

.TP 
\fB\-i INFILE\fR
Use INFILE as input stream. This mode does not use automatic settings by task ID.

.TP 
\fB\-o OUTFILE\fR
Use OUTFILE as output stream. This mode does not use automatic settings by task ID.
.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.LP 
.TP 
\fBCLEO_PORT\fP
Specifies the port to connect to Cleo server

.TP 
\fBCLEO_QUEUE\fP
Specifies the queue to use
.SH "ERROR CODES"
.LP 
Returned error codes:
.TP 
0 \- OK
.TP 
1 \- Invalid arguments (or help requested)
.TP 
2 \- No action is specified
.TP 
3 \- Server communication error
.TP 
4 \- Bad arguments
.TP 
5 \- Command fails
.TP 
10 \- Not possible to start client application
.TP 
20 \- Internal error detected
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
Connect to task 123 in queue test:
.IP 
\fBcleo\-terminal \-q test 123\fR

.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Sergey Zhumatiy <serg@parallel.ru>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cleo\-client(1), tasks(1), cleo\-autoblock(1), mpirun(1), cleo\-blockcpu(1), cleo\-blocktask(1), cleo\-mode(1), cleo\-stat(1) cleo\-priority(1)
