.TH "cleo-blocktask" "1" "5.x" "Sergey Zhumatiy" "Cleo Commands"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
cleo\-blocktask \- block or unblock user task(s)
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBcleo\-blocktask [\fIOPTIONS\fP] <task_ids|all>
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
\fBcleo\-blocktask\fR blocks or unblocks user task(s), probably with given reason (see also \fBcleo\-autoblock\fR). As parameter you can type task id or 'all'. In last case all tasks with specified parameters will be affected.
.LP 
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-h\fR
Print help information and exit.

.TP 
\fB\-r\fR
Be recursive

.TP 
\fB\-U <userlist>\fR
Affect only tasks of users in \fIuserlist\fR (via comma).

.TP 
\fB\-t <taskmask>\fR
Affect only tasks, which names are like regular expression \fItaskmask\fR. Regular expression must be in perl notation.

.TP 
\fB\-R <reason>\fR
Use \fIreason\fR as description to (un)block task.

.TP 
\fB\-a <user>\fR
Make action as user \fIuser\fR.

.TP 
\fB\-b\fR
Block task(s). (default action)

.TP 
\fB\-u\fR
Unblock task(s).

.TP 
\fB\-q <queue>\fR
Use queue named \fIqueue\fR to submit to.

.TP 
\fB\-P <port>\fR
Use \fIport\fR to conect to Cleo server.

.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.LP 
.TP 
\fBCLEO_PORT\fP
Specifies the port to connect to Cleo server

.TP 
\fBCLEO_QUEUE\fP
Specifies the queue to use
.SH "ERROR CODES"
.LP 
Returned error codes:
.TP 
0 \- OK
.TP 
1 \- Invalid arguments (or help requested)
.TP 
2 \- No action is specified
.TP 
3 \- Server communication error
.TP 
4 \- Bad arguments
.TP 
5 \- Command fails
.TP 
10 \- Not possible to start client application
.TP 
20 \- Internal error detected
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
Block all tasks of user user1:
.IP 
\fBcleo\-blocktask \-U user1 all\fR

.LP 
Unblock all tasks count1, count2, etc., blocked with reason 'Temporary stop':
.IP 
\fBcleo\-blocktask \-t 'count.+' \-R 'Temporary stop' \-u all\fR

.LP 
Unblock tasks with ids 111 and 222 in queue 'debug':
.IP 
\fBcleo\-blocktask \-u \-q debug 111 222\fR

.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Sergey Zhumatiy <serg@parallel.ru>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cleo\-client(1), tasks(1), cleo\-priority(1), mpirun(1), cleo\-blockcpu(1), cleo\-autoblock(1), cleo\-mode(1), cleo\-stat(1)
