.TH "tasks" "1" "5.x" "Sergey Zhumatiy" "Cleo Commands"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
tasks \- Watch or delete task(s) in queue
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
\fBtasks\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fP]
.br 
\fBtasks\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fP] \fI\-d\fP \fBid\fR [\fIid ... id\fP]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
By default \fBtasks\fR shows all tasks in queue \fIowned by user\fR, unless user is the administrator.
To see tasks of other users you can use \fI\-f\fR option. If \fI\-d\fR option is specified, then all desired tasks are deleted from queue (no information about tasks in queue is shown then).
.TP 
\fINote:\fR You sould NOT glue options like this: \-ofl. You should always specify all them separately: \-o \-f \-l. 
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-h\fR
Print help information and exit.

.TP 
\fB\-r\fR
Be recursive.

.TP 
\fB\-q\fR \fIqueue\fR
Use queue named \fIqueue\fR.

.TP 
\fB\-P\fR \fIport\fR
Use \fIport\fR as port to connect to Cleo server.

.TP 
\fB\-l\fR
Show long output. Include work dir, status and output files, program arguments and used CPUs (for runned tasks) in output information about tasks.

.TP 
\fB\-t\fR
Show default and maximal timelimits.

.TP 
\fB\-b\fR
Show list of blocked cpus if there are.

.TP 
\fB\-o\fR
Show only own tasks (default for non\-administrators). May be combined with \fB\-f\fR option.

.TP 
\fB\-f\fR
Show only tasks of other users. May be combined with \fB\-o\fR option.

.TP 
\fB\-u\fR \fIuserlist\fR
Show (or delete, if \fB\-d\fR is used) only tasks of users, listed in \fIuserlist\fR (via comma)

.TP 
\fB\-m\fR \fIregexp\fR
Is used only with \fB\-d\fR. Only those tasks will be deleted, which names maches \fIregexp\fR (in perl syntax). 

.TP 
\fB\-e\fR
Show estimated run time for queued tasks.

.TP 
\fB\-Q\fR
Is used only with \fB\-d\fR. Only queued tasks will be deleted.

.TP 
\fB\-R\fR
Is used only with \fB\-d\fR. Only runned tasks will be deleted.

.TP 
\fB\-d\fR
Deletes task(s). <\fIid\fP> may be single task id or the word \fIall\fR. In last case all tasks are deleted.
Note \fI\-u\fR, \fI\-Q\fR, \fI\-R\fR and \fI\-m\fR options, which can be specified to delete only desired tasks. 
.SH "ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES"
.LP 
.TP 
\fBCLEO_SUBMIT_OPTS\fP
Specifies default options for cleo-submit and mpirun.

.TP 
\fBCLEO_PORT\fP
Specifies the port to connect to Cleo server.

.TP 
\fBCLEO_QUEUE\fP
Specifies the queue to use.

.TP 
\fBCLEO_TASK_OPTS\fP
Specifies default options. Usually '-e', to show estimated run time by default.

.SH "ERROR CODES"
.LP 
Returned error codes:
.TP 
0 \- OK
.TP 
1 \- Invalid arguments (or help requested)
.TP 
2 \- No action is specified
.TP 
3 \- Server communication error
.TP 
4 \- Bad arguments
.TP 
5 \- Command fails
.TP 
10 \- Not possible to start client application
.TP 
20 \- Internal error detected
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
To see tasks in queue by default you can simply type:
.IP 
\fBtasks\fR

.LP 
If you want to see datailed list of all tasks in queue 'abc' then use:
.IP 
\fBtasks \-l \-o \-f \-q abc\fR

.LP 
To see your timelimits and blockrd tasks with tasks list use:
.IP 
\fBtasks \-b \-t\fR

.LP 
To delete all tasks of users hax0r and lamer, which names begins with crack, use:
.IP 
\fBtasks \-d \-u hax0r,lamer \-m ^crack\.\* all\fR

.LP 
To delete tasks 752, 800 and 801 from queue abc use:
.IP 
\fBtasks \-d \-q abc 752 800 801\fR
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Sergey Zhumatiy <serg@parallel.ru>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
cleo\-client(1), mpirun(1), cleo\-priority(1), cleo\-autoblock(1), cleo\-blockcpu(1), cleo\-blocktask(1), cleo\-mode(1), cleo\-stat(1), cleo\-freeze(1)
